>> Woodruff: KURDISH FIGHTERS
BATTLE TO HOLD ONTO IRAQ'S
NORTHERN FRONTIER.
MARGARET WARNER REPORTS FROM THE
FRONT LINES ON WHAT THIS ARMY
SAYS IT NEEDS FROM THE U.S. AND
OTHERS TO THWART ISLAMIC STATE
MILITANTS.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD, THE REAL STORY
BEHIND NETFLIX'S HIT SHOW
"ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK," FROM
THE WOMAN WHO INSPIRED THE EMMY
NOMINATED SERIES.
THEN, TURNING PARENTS INTO
ALLIES IN THE FIGHT AGAINST
SUMMER LEARNING LOSS.
>> I THINK THAT THE LOVE A
PARENT HAS FOR THEIR CHILD IS
THE SINGLE GREATEST AND MOST
UNDERUTILIZED NATURAL RESOURCE
IN EDUCATION.
>> Woodruff: AND IT'S FRIDAY,
RUTH MARCUS AND MICHAEL GERSON
ARE HERE, TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.